hey guys have kept 123 here from root my
android phone calm all things root calm
AKA scroller calm and ruben dakota calm
it's a lot of calms evo 3d now rooting
okay do an S off route custom roms you
name it faster free wireless tethering
on your evo 3d let's check it out go
ahead and unbox it here just went and
bought this thing and just been sit in
the box after a rooted it and whatnot I
don't even have sprint but here you are
you a 3d this is the real deal unlock
this thing lifes phone by the way and
see the superuser they're fully rooted
firm route yeah if you want free
wireless tethering I got for you here so
we do everything remotely via remote
session so shoot me an email Chris
Ridgeway 01 @ gmail.com and i will
remote into your computer and route and
free wireless tether your evo 3d so you
can get free Wi-Fi tethering the thing
that I really like about sprint that
none of the other carriers are doing is
they're providing not only unlimited
data but also unlimited data speed which
I'm like you know with verizon you can
only have tiered data unless you're
grandfathered in from an old plan but
t-mobile and AT&T are also throttling
your data after five gigabytes Sprint is
not doing that so it's it's great to
have free wireless tether on a sprint
phone that is rooted and we're doing
that right now for forty dollars so want
to get your evo 3d rooted with free
wireless tethering give me an email
Chris thought Ridgeway 01 @ gmail.com
and we'll get you all squared away
alright thanks guys